I would like to pierce it at the very
front with that dog barking so it takes
stuff yeah but I think right it right
yeah yeah do you like that
the webpage so sometimes
girl like I'm gonna pierce it
sometimes what happens is you can see
them at the border just tuck it back
inside and what it's trying to change
them I can see means
put straight I'm a police finding the
hospitals I mapped only you're extremely
otherwise will receive news that's how
mine was can you squeeze you don't look
you squeeze my hand don't look just
stick your put your head back take a
deep breath okay so this is a receding
too but all this fences catches the
inside of the needle okay from inside
your nose a peasant or anything - just
like in your video
take a breath honey you got your nose
pierced baby that's impressed here's our
the King hey don't touch it good job
your nose are you crying because you're
excited are you crying cuz it hurt so
when you bumpy you might stab yourself
okay let's see there you go